come on demon here with another search
and destroy black ops game place is not
sniping again and I kind of doing this
little serious i think i'm gonna do
covering different things about search
and destroy its kind of help you guys
out there my favorite class setup this
is john spectra and i believe i have
extended mags on the it's my favorite
weapon as far as try hard and good in
the sniper sniper i trihard web you late
by like we will try our search with this
is the weapon i like to use now here at
the beginning of the first round and at
the end at the beginning of the fourth
round i die but i still managed to have
a good game i think i went nine and two
and i brush with these kind of weapons i
rushed pretty hard what I like to do
especially when I egg gun because Miami
sniper you got to play a little bit more
defensively thing so i'll cover
different different of rushing avenues
and
her new town on this particular one but
while I'm uh that while I'm dead this
round I figured being a good chance to
tell you guys unfortunately have to
break the news I am NOT gonna be able to
get a ps3 computer crashed and i had to
buy a new computer so the underboss we
use for ps3 is no longer there it
basically came down to the choice do I
want to have a ps3 or do I want to be
able to post content general so had to
give that up and sorry to all my
subscribers I that a lot looking forward
to that eventually I will get a ps3 I
just don't know when anymore and I do
apologize about that but so I got my new
computer I actually I've been getting it
today it's supposed to good job on a
good ready today so look that too i'll
be able to render videos quicker because
it's a more beast computer but hey
that's how it goes i guess this last one
I had was a few years old and I'm
actually getting a laptop make things
more convenient for me as far as work
goes but I'm alive 5 so let's get into
it rushing alright as you can see for
nuketown i rushed straight up the middle
come over to throw a flash into the
garage and try and pick up someone at
that door a lot of it like you can't
behind that door or to pick people off
down the edge I just for a straight
house and pick up pick off the cause of
your camping people aren't used to you
rushing like this a lot in nuketown so
I'm pretty much this ranch drivel right
into the house got that one and pick off
this guy they're not expecting off see
here's the thing though once you this
once maybe you can get away with it
twice they're looking for you on this
route okay so you have when you brush
you have to mix it up you have you in a
rapidly different avenues or a couple
different routes to take while rushing
so do I go the same way I actually
you have any radar it was actually
recorded about we can have what's I
don't remember oh this time their camp
in the house I run up a plan that's
another good thing to do if you know the
team holding back kind of playing
defensively running up and planning
automatically flips them from defense to
offense and forces them to come out as
you can see i just ran straight into the
house out there on there on offense
trying to come fuse and they run
straight out to me very easy very simple
and I just sprayed my rear end off but I
managed together again that's two times
I've actually rushed the second time I
actually planted though it forced them
to come out to me instead of camping in
their house so another good Avenue take
would be when you are on offense
planning the bomb go ahead and if
they're camping go ahead and plant it
even if it's you know even if they're
mostly routine still a good plant make
me come out on this one ready with
appointment you know what I mean make
them Karloff this one here and I got my
black bird I can see my eight kills
right now I just picked off that guy
five and I got mad I got messed up right
there I had a guy I me and had a guy in
front of me I couldn't decide who shoot
it so I run on one
and I made the wrongs now in this case
if I were rushed up the left side I
would have been fun I would've been able
to come find them and probably get a
couple more kills I just wrong decision
so you have to it depends on what let's
hear way especially if you're playing
against the same group guys a few times
you'll be able to decide a little bit
better but let me know if you guys want
me to cover Fritz rushing reps different
defensive areas to pull down or play
while you're doing search and destroy go
ahead let me know leaving comments leave
a like and as always you're not a
subscriber of mine please subscribe I've
got lots of great content coming out
alright I got a little treat here at the
end of four houses demon I'm out make
sure you mentioned me yeah I've been
haven't heard you mention me in one
commentary mission accomplished nice job
let's do I'm never mentioned any work on
the case I mission
I'll ever
yeah they make sure you Mitch meaning in
this game say instead your friend Wow Oh
God social of return and I'm not
mentally challenged em soak